[foreboding music]
[man grunts, screams]
[body thuds]
[brooding music playing]
[ominous music rising]
[theme music playing]
[Yuri] "I Don't Get This World."
[operator] The number you dialed
is not available at this time.
Please be sure
you have dialed it correctly.
[Yuri's frightened breaths]
[operator] The number you dialed
is not available at this time.
Please be sure
you have dialed it correctly.
[Yuri] I don't get it.
I can't reach Mom or Dad?
[gasps] Oh, no.
Huh?
BIG BROTHER CALLING…
BIG BROTHER CONNECTED
[Rika] Yuri?
Rika?
[gasps]
Oh, thank God. Rika! Help!
I haven't been able to reach Dad or Mom.
I was just at school,
then all of a sudden,
I'm like on this huge high-rise.
[Yuri] I'm on the rooftop right now,
and I'm just so confused!
[sobs]
Help me. I don't know what to do.
-Yuri, calm down.
-[sobs]
So, you're here, in this world?
Wait. "In this world?"
You're also here?
Yeah. Yuri, listen to me.
You're a lot more courageous
than you think.
Listen carefully to what I'm about to say.
[Yuri gasps]
First, you should treat this world
as pure reality,
not a dream or an illusion.
[Yuri] What?
I've checked multiple buildings,
but all the stairs going down are blocked.
And we can't get to the ground.
NOTICE
GROUND ACCESS PROHIBITED
For some reason,
there aren't any elevators, either.
-You'll notice that the buildings…
-Huh?
…are all connected with rope bridges.
[woman screams]
Help!
Huh?
[woman] No! Get away from me!
What do you want?
Please don't! Leave me alone!
[cries]
Just stop.
[whimpers]
Please don't do this!
[woman crying]
-Go away!
-[Yuri] Who is that? Some psycho?
[Rika] Yuri, what's going on?
[Yuri] Uh… Um, there's a weird person
with a mask.
[Rika] There's a Mask?
-[woman crying]
-Did he see you?
No, I'm far enough away so I'm okay.
But the lady isn't.
[Rika] Listen to me, Yuri.
-No!
-[Rika] Those bastards…
-The Masks, their intention isn't to kill.
-[Yuri] What?
-Their true intention…
-[gasps]
The Masks, they want us to…
[sobs]
Wait. Why is that area wide open?
[Rika] …to reach the edge of despair.
[chuckles]
No!
[intense music playing]
-[body thuds]
-[whimpering]
[gasps]
Huh?
[Rika] And commit suicide by jumping.
[gasping]
[intense music continues]
Yuri, are you okay?
Get a hold of yourself!
Yuri, can you hear me?
Yeah. I'm okay. And I heard you, Rika.
I understand now.
Listen. I'm about to head out
to find you right now.
[ominous music]
-Stay safe until I come to you.
-I got it.
From where you're standing,
are you able to see a building
that's taller than the rest?
[Yuri] Yeah, I see it.
[Rika] All right. Let's figure out
where you are then.
Huh?
[suspenseful music]
[screams]
[grunts]
[whimpers]
[frightened moans]
[Rika] Yuri, what happened?
-Yuri! Yuri!
-Huh?
-Hey!
-Oh, no.
Yuri! Can you hear me?
Rika, no!
Yuri! What's happening? What…
[Yuri] Hey, wait! That's my… Huh?
Rika!
[heavy breathing]
[grunts]
[panting]
[Yuri] I need to get away!
-[rope bridge creaks]
-[gasps, whimpers]
[moans, grunts]
[frightened moans]
[intense choral music playing]
[whimpers]
[exhales]
I can do this.
[heavy breathing]
[Yuri] What if this actually is a dream?
Maybe I'll wake up if I fall from here.
[shrieks]
Huh?
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[Rika] Stay safe until I come to you.
[inhales]
[grunts]
[Yuri] No!
I'm not going to die
before I see my brother!
I refuse to die!
[panting]
[intense music continues]
[screams]
[continues screaming]
[heavy breathing]
[gasps]
[screams, grunts]
[groans]
[gasps]
Uh… Huh?
[whimpers]
[chilling music plays]
[gunshot]
[gasps]
[groans]
-[policeman] You over there!
-Huh?
Are you okay?
Yeah, I am.
[gunshot]
So, are you injured, miss?
[sighs]
No, no. I'm fine. Thank you.
[policeman chuckles]
I'm glad I got here in time.
Oh, sir. I finally caught up with you.
Listen here, Mizushita.
Uh, yes, sir?
A police officer has no business
being afraid of heights
or crossing rope bridges for that matter.
-[Yuri] What a relief.
-Sorry.
I'm not alone anymore.
[policeman] Got any idea
who those masked guys are?
[Mizushita] Nah. Whoa!
This is a real Japanese sword.
[policeman] Whoa. Even the Masks
can't survive this height, huh?
-Huh?
-[Mizushita] Guess not.
-Huh!
-[gasps]
-[screams]
[policeman] Am I falling?
What? Wait. Am I gonna die?
Whoa! The ground's right there!
[loud crash]
[frightened breaths]
[Mizushita] He's dead.
Ah, well… What the hell do I care?
Because now I get to be alone up here
with a high school girl.
Talk about having a lucky day!
[evil laugh]
Uh, hold on a second.
Why don't we just talk this out first?
Don't you see that you're acting
totally crazy right now?
-Of course I'm crazy!
-[whimpers]
[Mizushita] I was brought
to this insane world!
-[Mizushita laughs]
-[exhales smoke]
[Mizushita] Oh. But, boy,
do I feel good right now?
That annoying supervisor of mine is dead!
-All right. Stand against the wall.
-[Yuri] What?
[Mizushita] I said stand
in front of that wall. Damn it!
-[Yuri whimpers]
-[Mizushita] And now, take off your shirt.
Hurry up if you don't wanna die.
[maniacal laugh]
[whimpering]
Huh?
-[Yuri] No!
-[Mizushita] Hold perfectly still.
-[whimpering]
-Otherwise,
I may accidentally stab and kill you.
[laughs]
[Mizushita] If I was in the other world,
there's no way I could do this!
[whimpers]
[whimpering]
Good girl. Now take off your panties next.
-[Yuri] What?
-Hurry up and take them off!
But keep your skirt on, okay?
-[Yuri whimpers]
-Oh, and keep your socks on, too.
[sobs]
[Yuri] This is better than dying.
This is better.
[Mizushita] Hurry up,
a Mask might show up at any moment.
Wait. They only seem to be carrying
those lame weapons with them.
With this Japanese sword and a gun,
I may just be invincible!
[Yuri] Rika!
-[Yuri gasps]
-[Mizushita laughs]
[Mizushita] I'm gonna protect you
from here on out,
so you better be a good girl,
and do exactly as I say!
[maniacal laugh]
[gunshot]
[gasps]
[cocks]
[grunts]
[grunting, panting]
-[gunshot]
-[gasps]
[Yuri] He shot all the way from up there?
Um, what are they called again?
[gunshot]
[Yuri] It's a sniper!
Masks only carry lame weapons?
So not true!
-[Mizushita] Help me.
-[gasps]
-Hurts… It hurts. It's hot… So hot.
-[Yuri] He's alive?
[moaning]
[Yuri] Then, they didn't kill him.
So, it's true.
The Masks are out there to pressure people
into committing suicide.
[gunshot]
[Yuri] But if you show no intention
of doing it, they'll finish you off.
[gags]
So this is their way of doing things.
Well, I'm not going
to let them get me. I won't!
I'll do whatever I have to,
to see my brother!
[grunts]
This person…
Well, he's no longer a person.
But I wonder if he's carrying anything.
Something to help me get away from him.
Away from Sniper Mask.
[exhales]
Huh?
[fire crackling]
[Yuri] If I'm going to somehow
survive in this world,
I can't let emotions get in the way.
If I have to use others
in order to make it,
then that's exactly what I'll do.
[sorrowful music playing]
TO BIG BROTHER, YURI
[Sniper Mask] Hm.
Yuri.
Uh…
[Yuri] Here's another Mask.
What choice do I have
other than to kill it?
This distance,
it's perfect to practice my aim.
Huh?
Did I just say "practice"
when I'm about to murder someone?
Wait, Masks aren't people.
Even so,
am I starting to lose my mind, too?
Is she letting me go?
[intense music playing]
Whoa.
What?
[Yuri grunts]
[gasps]
[screams]
[grunts]
[Yuri] I should've just shot her
without thinking about it first.
All right, you monster!
[gunshot]
-Take this then!
-[gunshot]
[Yuri] She's not coming to kill me?
Is she trying to figure me out?
Fine then.
Hold on! I just wanted you to know
that I'm about to jump off!
That's right. I totally give up now. Okay?
Seems like she understands.
I just need a good distraction.
Huh?
[forced laugh]
We're so high.
Oh, uh, I found out that
my brother is here in this world, too!
If you seem him,
let him know that I'm dead, okay?
By the way, my name is…
Yuri Honjo!
[bold music plays]
That's right.
Masks always check to see if the person
really committed suicide or not.
This is the only chance I've got!
[gunshot]
Take that!
[grunts]
[thud]
[Yuri] I did it. But…
Ouch!
[pained grunts]
Okay.
I defeated that monster!
So this pain is nothing!
Huh? Still alive? But how?
[heavy breathing]
[Yuri] Are you kidding me? She's human?
That means Masks are humans like us?
Hey! I want to ask you something!
Wait! Please, don't come any closer.
Or else… I'll have to kill you!
Huh?
The thing is, my brain
is still being controlled right now.
[Maid Mask] I have to do it. I have to do
whatever the Command tells me to do.
What's the Command?
You're never supposed to look
at the back of a mask!
I think… I think it's electronic.
[grunts]
-The next Command…
-Huh?
I have to… I must do it.
"If the code becomes damaged,
then you must quickly suspend
all functions at once."
What?
[controller]
You must now end your own life.
[Yuri] Wait! Take off the mask!
That will fix it!
No. I can't disobey the Command.
-[Yuri] All right. Then I'll do it!
-[Maid Mask] Stay away!
I… can't anymore.
Yuri, I hope… that soon…
you will see… your brother.
No, don't!
[screams]
Wait!
[gasps]
[Maid Mask] I can finally be…
at peace.
-[body thuds]
-[frightened whimpers]
[Yuri sobbing]
[Yuri] Masks are human.
They're not monsters.
I was actually able
to communicate with them.
And that means
that I just shot a real person!
[screams]
I'm losing my mind!
-[sobs]
-[Mizushita] I told you so.
Huh?
You'd be crazy if you didn't lose
your mind in this world.
What's going on?
Go away!
[Yuri] There's still a lot to figure out
about this world.
But one thing is for certain…
Our real enemy isn't the Mask.
The thing is, my brain
is still being controlled right now.
[Yuri] Someone's giving them commands.
[Maid Mask] I have to do it. I have to do
whatever the Command tells me to do.
[Yuri] They're our real enemy!
So I will survive no matter what!
[solemn music playing]
Huh?
-[stomach rumbling]
-[groans]
That's right,
I haven't eaten anything today.
I wonder if they even have things
like food here in this world. Oh.
What's that?
[munching]
[Yuri] It was packed with lots of stuff.
Could it be provisions?
I even found this in there.
The physical ability
of the Mask earlier was incredible,
even if they were being controlled
by someone else.
I need to take them down
the moment that I see them.
[upbeat music]
[Yuri] Like I said,
I'm gonna survive no matter what!
From what I can see,
that building has at least
three rope bridges connected to it.
They all lead to that building.
[sighs]
I'm gonna run into a Mask
in there, aren't I?
But even if part of it was luck,
I still defeated that Maid Mask.
Have confidence! I know I can do this.
[helicopter droning]
What? A helicopter?
[creaking]
[clanks]
[screams]
[Yuri] Am I about to die?
[inhales, exhales]
[groans]
[Yuri] I don't want to die.
I don't want to die!
[grunts]
[groans]
[panting]
[sighs]
That was close.
Huh?
[Yuri shrieks]
There must be a Mask close by.
They're not going to make this easy,
are they?
Wait. She was shot so the Mask has a gun.
Maybe I should go back up again.
No way! I came all this way.
I won't give up!
Wait!
There's something in her pocket.
"Helicopter Regular Service."
"We regularly operate
an exit helicopter service."
That's what it was?
"If you wish to exit this realm,
or wish to return to the ground,
please head to the depot.
However, the maximum capacity
is one person."
This is ridiculous. I mean…
Even if it's some kind of trap,
I need to go there!
Staying here won't do me any good.
I'm bound to find something,
whatever it is!
I'm ready. I can do this!
-[gunshots]
-[gasps]
[man] Ah! Wait a minute! Help me!
I have an elderly mother,
and even more an elderly dog.
-They're waiting for me back home!
-[gunshot]
Ouch! Hey!
What the hell did you do that for?
-Please let me go!
-[Yuri] The Mask with the gun?
-I gotta save that man!
-What do you want anyway?
[gasps]
-Is it money you're after?
-[Yuri] Wait a minute! It's not a Mask?
-It's a person?
-[man blabbering]
Are you kidding me?
[man] Please spare my life and my dog!
[gunshot]
[closing theme music playing]